you know it lies beyond those trees this
is just the start of what America will
become people who come here in their
thousands more hoping to live the
American dream
how does he miss out he is
[Music]
welcome to River on Thank You handy
North Carolina offers wealth and
prosperity I don't agree with keeping
people as property in a lively wonder
you know we must leave living our own
towns perfect if I can make this a good
land my presence here no can be felt by
Orianna later then that would be
something
well you must be even bonnets sir be
weary travelers in these words they're
set upon by thieves and outlaws savages
hero
oh my god
shouldn't she know the truth hello I
have some news about your mother
[Music]
everything's in my power oh god Jamie
it's a silver filling something that
won't be invented 300 years
this will lead us to fighting in another
war we will be on the wrong side of
history again
we can't change your world with Ag
Saturday
during for summer you'll be a nightmare
for us
[Music]
sometimes life takes unexpected tons
you